Data 4 time to fix

Group = Group 03, CS 212, Lanzhou University
maintainer = ZhaoHaoran
__email__ = zhaohr18@lzu.edu.cn

Introduction:
	In this homework, we use the get_fix_time.py to get the fix time data of 6 kernels（v4.1, v4.4.1, v4.9.175, 
	v4.14.38, v4.19.3, v5.4.1,v5.5). And we compared their hist graph, find that the distributation of fix time 
	looks very similar(the figures are in the same folder).
Analysis:
	- KL and JS
		Kullback-leibler divergence or information divergence is the asymmetric measure of the difference between
		the two probability distributions. JS divergence, also known as JS distance, is a variant of KL divergence.
		
		By calculating KL and JS, we found that both these divergences are infinite smell. Which means that these 
		time to fix data have a very similar distribution.
	
	- Jaccard Index
		The Jaccard Index, also known as the Jaccard Similarity coefficient, is used to compare the similarity and 
		difference between limited sample sets. The larger the Jaccard coefficient value is, the higher the sample
		similarity is. It have a range from 0 to 1.
		
		The average Jaccard index among the randomly selected data is about 0.989, which means the sample is 
		very similar.
		
	- Euclidean distance and manhattan distance
		In mathematics, the Euclidean distance or Euclidean metric is the "normal" (that is, straight line) distance
		between two points in Euclidean space. Using this distance, the Euclidean space becomes the metric 
		space.
		
		In this project, we can calculat that the Euclidean distance and manhattan distance are really high, which is 
		in violation of the conclusion of KL and JS and Jaccard Index. It is because although the distributation is 
		similar, the number of data is different and the distance between two corresponding points is very large.
		
	- Pearson Correlation-coefficient
		The Pearson Correlation-coefficient is used to measure whether two data sets are on a line. It is used to 
		measure the linear relationship between distance variables.
		In general, the correlation strength of variables can be judged by the following value range:
		Correlation coefficient 0.8-1.0 is highly correlated
		0.6 0.8 strong correlation
		0.4-0.6 were moderately correlated
		0.2 0.4 weak correlation
		0.0-0.2 very weak correlation or no correlation
		
		The average Pearson Correlation-coefficient is around 0.94, which means there is a strong relationship
		between these data.
		
	- Cosine Similarity 
		Cosine Similarity evaluates two vectors by calculating the Angle between them. Draw the vector into the 
		vector space according to the coordinate value, get their included Angle, and get the cosine value corresponding
		to the included Angle, which can be used to represent the similarity of the two vectors. The smaller the Angle,
		the closer the cosine is to 1, and the closer their directions are, the more similar they are.
		
		The average Cosine Similarity is around 0.98, which means there is a strong relationship between these data.
	
Conclusion:
	The similarity of the ”time-to-fix” for each of the LTS kernels is very high, and they all in a similar distribution.